[move 2024] Migrated other examples. Fixed docs.sui.io tutorial (#17091)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/first-app/write-package.mdx

    // Part 5: Public/entry functions (introduced later in the tutorial)

    // Part 6: Tests

}
```

The comments in the preceding code highlight different parts of a typical Move source file.

> - **Part 1: Imports** - Code reuse is a necessity in modern programming. Move supports this concept with `use` aliases that allow your module to refer to types and functions declared in other modules. In this example, the module imports from `object`, `transfer`, and `tx_context` modules, but it does not need to do so explicitly, since the compiler provides these `use`s by default. These modules are available to the package because the `Move.toml` file defines the Sui dependency (along with the `sui` named address) where they are defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Part 1: Imports** - Code reuse is a necessity in modern programming. Move supports this concept with `use` aliases that allow your module to refer to types and functions declared in other modules. In this example, the module imports from `object`, `transfer`, and `tx_context` modules, but it does not need to do so explicitly, because the compiler provides these `use` statements by default. These modules are available to the package because the `Move.toml` file defines the Sui dependency (along with the `sui` named address) where they are defined.
```
